WRN-12676: Cross-Platform Enact Android: Picker - tall string is truncated (#1126)
enactjs/sandstone: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - `sandstone/Picker` changed the size of @sand-picker-line-height

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sandstone/Picker` line-height so tall characters are not truncated on mobile devices
```
